Supaplex 13
-----------

- The first 26 levels of this collection are from the 'Mini Level' series by Andrus Paevere. Levels 008 - 033 are nos. 
033 - 058 from this series. If you are looking for levels 001 - 032, you should have a look at the level collection 
'Supaplex 09'. You can download it from my website.

- Level 035 is a modification of a level by Paulo Matoso.

- Here is the comment on some of the levels 056 - 111 by Moonsoft:

"Hi, I'm new around here, but not a noobie in the game Supaplex. I have been playing it since my childhood (I have the 
original CLASSIC DISK where we have to put passwords) and I still love the game since then. I have made some levels but 
the main website doesn't accept levels anymore because they concentrate now on IGOR, which is not very good for my taste. 
So since I can't share my levels there, I managed to find this forum. And it happens that the manager around here is from 
Portugal, just like me, never thought a Supaplex fan would be around in this little country.

I have made 111 levels, but after the dissapointment that the website gave me, I deleted it, and some managed to survive, 
so I'm going to upload the "survivors". These levels are classical fun, it means that we don't have to do special tricks or 
bugs to get through, just like to original game. Besides, I'm not very familiar yet with all the "special" tricks.

TWO LITTLE FRIENDS is the first one, this one might be hard or easy, if you how to do it, it won't be a problem, the title says everything.

BRAIN TIME, don't get scared by the name, this one is pretty easy, but tricky sometimes.

LITTLE CHAMBERS, makes me remember CHAMBER MUSIC.

THE RED ZONE - Basically, test your speed and scissor mind control powers :D

ATOMIC CHOICE - Colorful level, diferent from usual, but not dificult.

I WISH - Those who like TNT levels will love this"


-------------------------------
Martijn's Boulder Dash Fan Site
http://www.bd-fans.com


