Supasave is a program which aims to provide an easy way to deal with
supaplex demo recordings.
It was developed after I installed spfix63. This version saves demo
files in a form 01s033$1.sp where 01 is a level set, 033 is a level and
1 the number of the demo (depeding on the function key pressed to record
the demo). spfix63 can also attach a signature file to a successful recording

While this spfix63 file naming scheme is very convenient to record demos
to be added to the hall of fame, it also became quite apparent that
there were still some annoyances. The spfix63 program creates a lot
of files, which need to be weeded manually to filter out those files
without a signature.

As I'm kind of a lazy guy, I decided to make a small program to automate
this dull task. The result of this effort is now in your hands.
I decided that I wanted to delete files without a signature, and copy
files with a signature to a save directory. In order to do things neatly
I decided to check first if the new demo is faster, and only copy the
demo if that was the case. Furthermore while I was coding anyway, I
decided all versions ($0 .. $9) to fold on one file (as they are demos
of the same level).

The program is a simple dos program and is invoked using:
supasave <directory>
where directory is the directory where the recorded demos are stored.
The directory is optional. If it is not given the directory
c:\spellen\supaplex is chosen (guess where my copy of supaplex lives
:-)) (by the way: spellen is dutch for games).

The following options are supported
-D	prints extensive diagnostics. Implies -v and -t
-d	deletes all files which are not saved
-n	does not rename any file
-q	prints only error messages
-t	prints the playing time for all files
-v	reports in more detail than you probably want, what it does.

supasave calculates the running time of all .sp files in the directory 
and compares them with its counterpart (without the $[0-9]) in the
subdirectory save of that directory. If the .sp file consists of a demo
with a signature attached and if it is faster than the one it is
renamed and put in the save directory. The old version in the save
directory is discarded. Please note that the file is renamed and not
copied, so the version in the supaplex directory is gone.

If you use the -n option no renaming takes place. This is useful if you
want to dry-run to see what it does.

The -d option removes all files which are valid demos but which do not
qualify. Note that the validity check of the demo is quite loose.
Basically it is a file with .sp extension and with or without a
signature.

The -q option suppresses all output except error messages.

The -t option displays timing info. In combination with -n it is a
replacement for spsig t which deals with all files in the directory at
once.

Do not use -n and -d in conjunction! If you do all *.sp files will be
deleted as no files will be renamed (caused by -n) and all files which
will not be renamed are deleted (caused by -d).

I hope the program is useful to you. 
However, the program comes without any warranty. Use at own risk. If you
loose data through this program it is your problem. If you cannot deal
with this, do not use the program. In no circumstance will the author of
this program accept any responsibility or liability whatsoever. 

Suggestions, problem reports, enhancements etc, can be directed to me at
F.Meulenbroeks@fontys.nl

Oh by the way:
The program is distributed as postcardware. 
If you like this program and find it useful, I would appreciate it if
you would send me a postcard of your home town. 
My address:
Frans Meulenbroeks,
Guldenekker 17,
5541 DE Reusel,
Netherlands.

You may give away this program to anybody, providing you leave it fully
intact and give both the executable and this file. This also includes
making it available on WWW.
However, it is explicitly forbidden to ask money for this program or put
it on compilation disks to be sold for a fee larger than the media+manufacturing
cost without prior permission of the author. Also if you put the program on a 
compilation disk you are requested to mail a copy (free of charge) to the author
at the above address.

By the way: Under windows 95/98/nt I find it convenient to place a shortcut
to this program on my desktop (or in the start menu). Through the properties
of this shortcut it is quite easy to add options to the path, making them effective 
each time you run the program. Add a nice icon from the collection found 
under http://www.stack.nl/~ep/sp and you're settled.

Have fun! Frans.
